Add a doc to explain how to build config for scraping an application (#87)
grafana/k8s-monitoring-helm: charts/k8s-monitoring/docs/ScrapeApplicationMetrics.md

## Discovery

The discovery phase is about finding the specific pod or service that needs to be scraped for metrics.

This chart automatically creates three components that you can utilize:

* `discovery.kubernetes.nodes` - Discovers all nodes in the cluster
* `discovery.kubernetes.pods` - Discovers all pods in the cluster
* `discovery.kubernetes.services` - Discovers all services in the cluster

These are all [`discovery.kubernetes`](https://grafana.com/docs/agent/latest/flow/reference/components/discovery.kubernetes/)
components, which gather all the specific resources, using the Kubernetes API. From here, we want to refine the search to just the service or the pod that we want.

### Service discovery

Since you don't want to scrape every service in your cluster, you will use rules to select your specific service based
on its name, namespace, labels, port names or numbers, and many other variables.
This is done by using a [`discovery.relabel`](https://grafana.com/docs/agent/latest/flow/reference/components/discovery.relabel/)
component and adding one or more rules, using special meta-labels that are set automatically by the
`discovery.kubernetes` component.

> Here is an example that filters to a service named "database", in the namespace "blue", with the port named "metrics":

Reviewer: Did I read that the port must be a string and not a port number... could be worth clarifying

Author: Yep. In K8s, ports can have names. Furthermore, on multiport services, [names are required](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#multi-port-services). The discovery.kubernetes automatically sets both `__meta_kubernetes_service_port_name` and `__meta_kubernetes_service_port_number`, and you need to make sure you use the right one.

Author: Let me use the other discovery example to call out a port number

```river
discovery.relabel "image_analysis_pods" {
  targets = discovery.kubernetes.pods.targets  // Gets all pods
  rule {  // Keep all pods named "analysis.*"...
    source_labels = ["__meta_kubernetes_pod_name"]
    regex = "analysis.*"
    action = "keep"
  }
  rule {  // ... with the label system.component=image
    source_labels = ["__meta_kubernetes_pod_label_system_component"]
    regex = "image"
    action = "keep"
  }
}
```

Note that there is a unique meta label for every Kubernetes label. The labels are prefixed with
`__meta_kubernetes_pod_label_` and the label name is normalized so all non-alphanumeric characters become underscores (`_`).

## Scraping

Now that we've selected the specific pod or service we want, we can scrape it for metrics. This is done with the
[`prometheus.scrape`](https://grafana.com/docs/agent/latest/flow/reference/components/prometheus.scrape/) component. At its basic, you only need to declare what things to scrape, and where to send
the scraped metrics. Here is an example:

```river
prometheus.scrape "processing_app" {
  targets = discovery.relabel.image_analysis_pods.targets

>   forward_to = [prometheus.remote_write.grafana_cloud_prometheus.receiver]

Reviewer: Maybe a little comment to say something like: see "Delivery" for more on remote_write

}
```

This component gives a lot of flexibility to modify how things are scraped, including setting the `job` label, how
frequently the metrics should be scraped, the path to scrape, and many more. Here is an example with lots of options:

```river
prometheus.scrape "processing_app" {
  targets = discovery.relabel.image_analysis_pods.targets
  job_name = "integrations/processing"

>   scrape_interval = "120s"

Reviewer: Maybe mention the default is 60s?

  metrics_path = "/api/v1/metrics"
  forward_to = [prometheus.remote_write.grafana_cloud_prometheus.receiver]
}
```

## Processing

> Often, we want to do some post-scrape processing to the metrics that are scraped. Some common reasons are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Often, we want to do some post-scrape processing to the metrics. Some common reasons are:
```

* limiting the amount of metrics being sent up to Prometheus
* adding labels, changing labels, or dropping labels

Processing is done with the [`prometheus.relabel`](https://grafana.com/docs/agent/latest/flow/reference/components/prometheus.relabel/)

> component. It uses the same type of rules as `discovery.relabel`, but instead of filtering scrape targets, it filters the
> metrics that were scraped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
component. It uses the same type of rules as `discovery.relabel`, but instead of filtering scrape _targets_, it filters the
_metrics_ that were scraped.
```

> Here is an example of processing that filters the scraped metrics to the `up` metric and anything that starts with
> `processor` (thus, dropping any other metrics):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example of processing that filters down the scraped metrics to only `up` and anything that starts with
`processor` (thus, dropping all other metrics):
```

```river
prometheus.scrape "processing_app" {
  targets = discovery.relabel.image_analysis_pods.targets
  forward_to = [prometheus.relabel.processing_app.receiver]
}

prometheus.relabel "processing_app" {
  rule {
    source_labels = ["__name__"]
    regex = "up|processor.*"
    action = "keep"
  }
  forward_to = [prometheus.remote_write.grafana_cloud_prometheus.receiver]
}
```

> Note that the `prometheus.scrape` component needs to be adjusted to forward to this component)

Reviewer: Either open parenthesis at the beginning or full stop at the end
